Arrive so multiple linear regression data set.
Let's get straight into it.
This was going to be fun.
We've got multiple regression here same same euro parching modeling Section 3 months holding a regression
of 50 startups.
This is going to be a venture capitalist fund challenge.
All right.
So once you've downloaded the file let's put it into our folder multiple in your regression there it
is.
And we're going to bring up Excel and we'll open up in Excel right away.
All right.
Zoom in a bit.
So what do we have here.
We've got we've only got five columns.
But the real interesting thing about this data is that this is like an very realistic lifelike business
challenge.
So you've got 50 companies here 50 companies in total.
And what they have is they have some extracts from their profit and loss statements from their income
report.
So how much did the company in this given financial year that you're analyzing and for how much in that
year did it spend on research and development how much it is spent on an administration like paying
employees paying executives and so on and how much it is spent on marketing.
So those are the true three major operational spins I guess and which state it works and does it work
in your code as a work in operating in New York or California.
And finally what is the profit.
What was the profit of that company for that financial year.
And the challenge here is this is a data set is totally anonymize so we don't know the companies.
And also there's only 50 companies so there is a venture capitalist fund that has hired you as a data
scientist to analyze these 50 companies or analyze this data set and create a model that will tell the
venture capitalist fund which types of companies it should.
It is most interested in investing and their main criteria is the profit.
So profit is their dependent variable.
The most important variable for them and these are all independent variables.
So you have to create a model which will tell you about profit based on R&D spend in the station market
spend and state and bear in mind that the come the venture capitalist fund is not looking to invest
in these 50 companies per se it's not just giving you a data set and then like obviously and then they
would invest in this one because it's got the highest profit profit.
But what they're looking for is there this is a sample and they want to understand for instance where
companies perform better in New York or California all other things held equal or which companies perform
better if you hold these columns equal.
Right.
Will a company that spends more on marketing perform better or a company spends less on marketing.
Also they want to understand the main thing probably and what I understand is how when they assess companies
do they look for companies to spend more on R&D spend or on research and development or companies that
spend more on marketing.
So which of these two spends yields better results of profit brings more results of profit.
And based on your model that you'll create they will have a They'll set up a set of guidelines for their
own venture capitalist fund and they'll be like OK so we are more interested in companies this is just
an example that work in New York or operate in New York and that have a very low administration spend
and a very high R&D spend which.
So the R&D spend has to be much higher than Administration marking spend something like that.
So basically you're helping them create a model based off of this sample that will allow them to assess
where and in which into which companies they want to invest to achieve their goal of maximizing profit
.
So there you go it's it's already not an obvious daughter so he's got many variables got many records
you can't just tell off the top of your head you can.
You probably can see that they're ordered by profit here right.
But there is kind of a mix all over the place.
So let's get into this is going to be a fun and exciting section and I look forward to seeing you on
the first tutorial.